Update release notes for 2026.01.0+392.pro5 (#16785)
rstudio/rstudio: docs/news/index.qmd

- (rstudio-pro#9506): Added `auth-openid-aws-role-claim` and `auth-openid-aws-session-name-claim` settings to allow mapping custom OIDC claim names for AWS credentials
- (rstudio-pro#9088): Added support for admin-enforced settings in Positron
- (rstudio-pro#9106): Added support for managing R and Python interpreters for Workbench Jobs in Positron and VS Code
- (rstudio-pro#9106): Improved support for running Workbench Jobs using Python virtual environments in Positron
- (rstudio-pro#9106): Added support for running Workbench Jobs using R in Positron
- (rstudio-pro#9560): Updated the Posit Workbench Documentation site, the RStudio Desktop Administration Guide, the RStudio IDE User Guide, and RStudio & Posit Workbench Release Notes to v8.0.1 of the Posit product documentation theme
- (rstudio-pro#8920): Added option to remove recent projects from Workbench home page
- (rstudio-pro#9550): Added `POSIT_PRODUCT` environment variable with value "WORKBENCH" to all Sessions and jobs
- (rstudio-pro#9585): Added revocation logic for Session RPC cookies when a session ends (exit, suspension, or halt) or when the related user account is locked, ensuring immediate invalidation of credentials

> - (rstudio-pro#9169): Added `use-legacy-homepage` option to allow Admins to set the legacy home page as the default during the deprecation window

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (rstudio-pro#9169): Added `use-legacy-homepage` option to allow admins to set the legacy home page as the default during the deprecation window
```

- ([#15340](https://github.com/rstudio/rstudio/issues/15340)): Fixed an issue where native file dialogs on RStudio Desktop on Linux wouldn't show .Rproj files
- ([#16561](https://github.com/rstudio/rstudio/issues/16561)): Fixed issues with pane layout when resizing the RStudio window when one or more source columns are displayed
- ([#16519](https://github.com/rstudio/rstudio/issues/16519)): Fixed an issue where Copilot completions would degrade in quality if external edits were applied to an open document
- ([#16576](https://github.com/rstudio/rstudio/issues/16576)): Fixed an issue where column zoom state would lose synchronization when dragging splitters to leave zoomed state
- ([#16583](https://github.com/rstudio/rstudio/issues/16583)): Fixed an issue where a pane wouldn't unzoom if no source files were open when it was zoomed
- ([#16595](https://github.com/rstudio/rstudio/issues/16596)): Fixed an issue where Open File dialog could malfunction in rare cases
- ([#16607](https://github.com/rstudio/rstudio/issues/16607)): Fixed an issue where warning hyperlinks were malformed in some cases

> - ([#16329](https://github.com/rstudio/rstudio/issues/16329)): Fixed an issue where autosave could update a file's mtime even if it had no changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ([#16329](https://github.com/rstudio/rstudio/issues/16329)): Fixed an issue where autosave could update a file's modified time even if it had no changes
```

#### Posit Workbench

- (rstudio-pro#8918): Fixed an issue where home page failed to load when a user's recent project list contains duplicate entries
- (rstudio-pro#8846): Improved contrast of check boxes on Workbench home page to meet 3:1 minimum contrast (AA)
- (rstudio-pro#8845): Fixed keyboard navigation to inactive sessions on the home page (AA)
- (rstudio-pro#9386): Fixed an issue when downloading server-side fonts in load-balanced Workbench configurations
- (rstudio-pro#9126): Fixed an issue locating `vscode-user-settings.json` and `positron-user-settings.json` when using `XDG_CONFIG_DIRS`
- (rstudio-pro#7638): Fixed an issue where the Workbench API was accessible with the wrong license tier
- (rstudio-pro#9279): Fixed an issue in Slurm clusters where R and Python versions were not detected in VS Code and Positron
- (rstudio-pro#9421): Fixed an issue with running Workbench Jobs from Positron and VS Code in Slurm clusters without Singularity
- (rstudio-pro#9178): Fixed an issue where session memory usage was displayed incorrectly in RStudio Memory Usage dialog when running in a Kubernetes pod
- (rstudio-pro#9685): Updated the Positron Pro logo to use a square icon

> - (rstudio-pro#9494): Fixed an issue where no Workbenches appeared when opening the Resume Session dialog via URL

Reviewer: I think something is off here? Should this read sessions?

```suggestion
- (rstudio-pro#9494): Fixed an issue where no Workbench sessions appeared when opening the Resume Session dialog via URL
```

Author: I'll leave this one since I think it refers to IDE types
